well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're gonna talk
about toxic masculinity a little bit but
before we get into that I want to talk
about cements movements we have to talk
about toxic masculinity because I
mentioned in that last video in the
comments section especially on YouTube
went crazy apparently that is an
offensive term I didn't know that but we
need to talk about some men's movements
first because there there's an overlap
there that I think people need to
understand and it's really important so
if you're a member of a men's movement
what I want you to do or if you were
offended by that commercial I want you
to just nod your head as I'm listing off
these ideas if you agree with them and
keep track of how many of them you
agreed with okay the first is that
feminism has kind of turned down the
volume on men we're just not we're not
as important anymore and we're getting
blamed for everything okay and that the
separation of men from their boys you
know much men her boys being raised by
women has led to them being feminized
and emasculated they're just too much
exposure to femininity in general has
led to men not being men anymore okay
and the other one is that things like
the me2 movement just constant
accusations of sexism has kind of caused
emotional damage to men to the point
where we don't even know we could say
anymore without getting in trouble so
those are four main ideas willing to bet
that a lot of those that were upset
agreed with them if you did and you were
alive in the 80s or 90s you might have
belonged to something called the methyl
politic men's movement okay now these
were men that felt masculinity was
slipping away and they needed to come up
with a way to get it back so
they're credited with a lot of things
you know they tried to bring back some
rites of passage for young boys but for
the most part they just want him hanging
out in the woods beating their chests
and telling stories to each other which
is cool and a little strange but cool
the other thing they're credited with is
coming up with the term toxic
masculinity yeah that didn't come from
feminism guys came from the first m-ras
that's where the term originated toxic
is not an adjective it's a modifier it
was a way for them to distinguish
between what they referred to as hyper
masculine immature behavior okay and the
deep masculine the stuff that mattered
didn't come from feminism the problem is
that today that hyper masculinity has
gone so far is that people don't even
realize a lot of men don't even realize
that it's bad they don't get it so the
term is now offensive because people
don't know what it means you know anyway
so these guys they were afraid that if
if left unchecked one of two things
would happen men would either become
hyper masculine toxic masculine or they
would become feminized and we would lose
that bet half we would lose masculinity
interesting and they believe that that
toxic masculinity was the extremes the
extremes you know the need to dominate
everything and see people right now are
gonna well know masculinity means
assertiveness and aggressiveness with
cause with a reason
that reasons been lost now this is now
this at this point we're talking about
what I think not their views but it
certainly seems like men have been
wanted to hold on to the violence and to
that dominating spirit but they lost all
the ideals that went with it they wanted
to hang on to it because it's glorified
it had to be glorified the system had to
glorify it otherwise stupid men wouldn't
run off to go to war no nobody wants to
go die but if it's glorified well then
you know you got a reason to do it and
that glorification of violence has led
to men wanting to use violence for
everything and the loss of the ideals
is perfectly encapsulated and one of the
comments well actually the same comment
over and over again for a bunch of
different people but basically the
comment reads something similar to well
why is it my responsibility to act
because you had the means at hand rule
303 kill watch the video because you
have the means at hand you have the
responsibility to act and if you were
masculine real masculinity you'd know
that that ideal would still be ingrained
in you but it's not there
it's not there because rather than men
becoming hyper masculine or feminist
both happened hold these men want to cry
and with somebody else to take care of
them while they pretend that they're
this aggressive dominant self-reliant
person why is it your responsibility to
act because you're there that's why and
the funniest part about the comment
section I meant to write down his name
but he had a Cubert for his profile
picture on YouTube he said the best part
about this is that if these men were
really masculine the ones that were
upset but they wouldn't care and it's
true that's true masculinity is not a
team sport that's one of the things that
the Methow poetics have right requires a
lot of introspection requires knowing
yourself and then the other comment the
other question was well how is how are
these things honor and integrity how is
this different from you know the female
characteristics can't females be this
yes absolutely absolutely they can
embody all of the central tenets but
they tend to exercise it in a different
way
men are more aggressive and right now
there's something well you know women
can be assertive assertive is not
aggressive men are more violent that's
that's fact statistically proven its
fact men are more violent and that that
violence is the reason that toxic
masculinity has to be put in check there
was a somebody who said well he was just
walking after her to say hello
and reference at commercial land it was
talking about the catcalling put
yourself in a woman's point of view
you're walking along some guy calls out
to you you don't want to respond and you
keep walking and he starts following you
what's going through your head right now
that need to dominate physically that
extreme that toxic masculinity that's
what's going through your head because
you're worried that this person
following you might act on it not saying
hello can get a woman killed so no it's
not harmless
it isn't harmless behavior and yes you
do have the responsibility to act anyway
it's just a thought or two y'all have a
good night